Changelog Aug 16 2024 (#336)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2024-08-16_markdown-format-improvements.mdx

---
_schema: default
title: Markdown format improvements
---

> This release added new checks for table formatting to prevent saving invalid Markdown on Hugo Sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release added new checks for table formatting to prevent saving invalid Markdown on Sites using CommonMark.
```
